AWS Cloud  - 

Need to improve areas

1.  AWS EFS
2.  AWS security
3.  Which of the following is AWS Migration Strategy?
4. Which perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on minimizing the business risks?

5. Which AWS service helps you build text chatbots? --> AWS Lex? please check
6. Amazon Aurora
7. What does AWS Shield protects from?
8.AWS Elastic Block Store Snapshot is full data backup. True or false ?
 
9. Which AWS database service proviced historical data of your application changes?

------

 AWS Resource
 
 Hey, I need to identifies security groups -> go for AWS Trusted Advisor
 Hey, I need to moitors and records change AWS resouce -> go for AWS Config
 Hey, I need to see metrics AWS resources -> ok, Metrics, please go for CloudWatch (CPU, RAM, netwoks, access time)
 Hey, Your resouces is public as APIs, i need to see the audit record of API calls ->  go for AWS CloudTrail
 
-----
What is penetration testing on AWS?

What is  AWS shared controls? 

What is AWS Elastic MapReduce? benefits? -> Create clusters computing in a few minutes without spending so much time on maintenance and operate AWS EMR, Hadoop

What is AWS SDK in EDI project with Matt? -> Libraries allow Go to talk with AWS Cloud.

What is AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF)?
  -> Business | People | Platform | Security | Operation

Need to improve areas

1.  AWS EFS -> Elastic File System… 

4.  AWS Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on minimizing the business risks? 
-> That would be business perspective because they have 

8.AWS Elastic Block Store Snapshot is full data backup. True or false ?
 
9. Which AWS database service provide historical data of your application changes? -> Ledger Quantum DB ….it stores stages of application changes.


What is AWS SDK in EDI project with Matt? 

AWS Exam Test 1 - Udemy - 67% - Dec 13
Fairly sure: 17, 20, 23, 24, 27, 31
Unsure: 21,22,26,33,36, 36
Unknow: 28,29,34,44,46,48



-- General advise ---
 passed the AWS Cloud Practitioner exam on the first try with 834 out of 1,000 after using these practice exams. 
 I first took the entire AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials course through AWS. 
 When I attempted the first two practice exams here, I was scoring around 60%. 
 I studied the descriptions of the correct and incorrect answers for the practice tests, 
 and as I did exams 3&4, noticed the score had improved into the upper 60s.
 When I took exam 5, I finally got a passing score (exactly 70%), and 74% on exam 6.

 Prior to taking the actual AWS exam, I retook tests 1-4 and scored in the upper 80s and low 90s.

I found the practice questions comparable in difficulty to the actual exam. 
Possibly the most critical difference between the actual exam and the practice tests were that I took the exam more seriously,
 flagged questions for further review, and then re-reviewed all the remaining questions one more time before submitting them. 
 
 At 65 questions, the allocated time is plenty long enough to go through most or all of the questions more than once to make sure you have the best answers.

Glad to have had the practice exams, though, as the explanations on 
why a specific choice was or wasn't correct were clear, concise, 
and provided a lot more detail than what was available on the AWS trainings.


-- 

What is penetration testing on AWS?

What is  AWS shared controls? 

What is AWS Elastic MapReduce? benefits? -> Create clusters computing in a few minutes without spending so much time on maintenance and operate AWS EMR, Hadoop

What is AWS SDK in EDI project with Matt? -> Libraries allow Go to talk with AWS Cloud.

What is AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF)?
  -> Business | People | Platform | Security | Operation

Need to improve areas

1.  AWS EFS -> Elastic File System… 

4.  AWS Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on minimizing the business risks? 
-> That would be business perspective because they have 

8.AWS Elastic Block Store Snapshot is full data backup. True or false ?
 
9. Which AWS database service provide historical data of your application changes? -> Ledger Quantum DB ….it stores stages of application changes.


AWS SES			
AWS SNS	Simple Notification Service, it shows publish and subscribe development model between components in the system		
AWS Concierge	They know well about Billing & Accounts for Enterprise support plan which CDL has.		
 AWS Migration Strategy	6 strategies: Scylla might use "lift and shift", Rehost. 		
AWS EFS	Elastic File System vs S3		
AWS Shield	Protect DDOS attacks		
AWS helps chatbot, speech recognition	AWS Lex -> Alexa		
AWS consolidated  billing	10 accounts are in 1 bill, each accounts get more volumn discount		
What is AWS RedShift ??	Use to analytics data warehousing		
AWS Outpost	… what's it for?		
Internet gateway	Why we need it?		
Why Security Groups are stateful, not stateless?	Use the previous traffic to allow flow and evaluating in new request to EC2 instances.		
